Pumpkin Trapping
--------------------

When I arrived home that night, the jack-o-lantern at my front door was crushed.The weight of its crown collapsed the brow into a deep 'v' and its smile stretched across the whole of its face. Pumpkin brains spilled out onto the mauve church-basement carpet that covered the landing of the floor of my building. I threw my bag around and shuffled for my keys and slipped. I kicked my foot across the welcome mat and sent fibers, seeds and snow against the stained plaster wall and chipped MDF baseboard. Black Flag blared from across the hall. I entered my apartment and Rash, a neutered hunter, leapt down at me from the paint-sealed transom. He knocked my askew wool snow cap from my head and onto the floor, landed on the console table and knocked unopened utility bills, newsprint coupons and a very official manilla envelope containing a notice from the hospital onto the floor before he bounded to the kitchen. His gait echoed from wall-to-wall.
	
I flipped on the floor lamp adjacent to the console table and bent down to pick up my mail and cap. The exhaustion from the cross-town commute made it difficult for me to tolerate my lower back pain. I sneezed and dust plumed from the table, into the light. I wiped the surface with my hat and returned the mail to its status quo. 'It would be sensible to just have this emailed.' I sneezed again and could now smell the putrescent waft that had followed me into the apartment. I went into the kitchen to crack open the garden window above the sink. Rash escaped lithely into the alley. I didn't cuss at him; he hadn't been outside recently and I did pull him from that very place. It's a place for him as much as this apartment is for me. Or the sink is for trash bags. I grabbed them. 'Better clean the hallway.' I moved through the living area to the front door. 

Outside, I propped the front door with the swing bar. I lifted the carion by the stem to put it in the bag but I lost most of the carcass to the floor. As I grabbed the pieces I listened to The Dwarves playing through the code-breaching door across the hall. My gaze shifted down the slab and at the floor I followed a trail of pumpkin slime that lead away from me. Annoyed, I stood up and knocked my neighbor's door. First, I wanted to be assertive, but I decided to be polite, diplomatic, neighborly. I didn't need to stoop to his shitty level. I knocked but he didn't answer. I knocked again. I'm sure he ignored me. I got impatient and knocked louder and quicker. He still didn't answer. I put my ear to the door but all I could here was the squall of 'Blood, Guts and Pussy.' I pressed my ear harder to listen closer. 'BOO!' I hit my head against the door and turned around to see another neighboor: the woman from the very last apartment in this wing. She had an econometrics text book and loose papers pressed against her chest. 'Scary time is over. You should, please, clean this up, ya know?' 'I'm sorry, I'm doing it right now, but I think this guy smashed it.' I tapped on the door. 'I didn't see it.' She said. She walked on. I grabbed the remaining chunks and took the trash bag to my kitchen.

I flipped on the tap water and ran my hands under the faucet. I left my hands still for a while before I heard a bird flap its wings in struggle from the fire escape above my apartment. Rash popped the top for a primal scream. The slam of the boot-stompers door interruped my thoughtless state. I dried my hands quickly and shut the window. I got a dust pan from the utility closet, grabbed the sturdy envelope to use as a scrapper and went into the hall. A top folded cardboard box sat next to the neighbor's door. The prototypical-record-store clerk lugged his apple-shaped frame up the stairs. He a carried smaller box under his arm. He had only folded that one too. I stood at the end of the landing. 'Hey, I know about the pump--' He cut me off. 'About time.' 'But, you didn't have to kick its skull in.' He brushed past me as he reached the landing. I could smell weed and leather and B.O. And coffee stains on his teeth. He opened the door and picked up the box. The music became much clearer. I followed him to the door but he slammed it in my face and jammed the big toe of my strong foot. 

I limped to the mess at my door and bent down. I balanced myself poorly and scrapped some slime into the dust pan. Something heavy landed on the crown of my head. A sharp pain radiated down my scalp. I lost my balance and tumbled backwards down the stairs. I watched a flip book of Rash eating pumpkin and hacking seeds as I went end-over-end to black. I woke up on my side to watch Rash hacking up a pumpkin shell. I couldn't move. I blinked my eyes. He moved closer. I blinked again and then I watched him lick my hands. He clawed at the pumpkin on my clothes. He gnawed at the pumpkin flesh under my nails and pierced my skin with his teeth. Red rivulets rolled down my finger tips. Rash kept at it. I wanted to scream. The music above stopped mid-track. I wonder if my neighbor had any thing good in those boxes.



